{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cbs-birthsex.html">Case Based Surveillance Birth Sex Extension</a> </td><td><p>A code classifying the person's sex assigned at birth.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cbs-case-class-status.html">Case Based Surveillance Case Class Status</a> </td><td><p>A code denoting the status of the case/event as suspect, probable, confirmed, or not a case per CSTE/CDC/surveillance case definitions.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cbs-diagnosis-date.html">Case Based Surveillance Diagnosis Date Extension</a> </td><td><p>A dateTime indicating when the condition of interest was diagnosed.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cbs-died-of-condition.html">Case Based Surveillance Death Due to Condition Extension</a> </td><td><p>A code classifying whether the subject died due to the reported condition of interest.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cbs-ethnicity.html">Case Based Surveillance Ethnicity Extension</a> </td><td><p>Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The ethnicity codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC ethnicity and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0</a> which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 43 reference ethnicity.  The ethnicity concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 2 OMB ethnicity categories: - Hispanic or Latino - Not Hispanic or Latino. This extension is based on the equivalent US Core extension though utilizes the public health focused PHIN Value Set and limiting data based on established standards in public health case based surveillance messaging.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cbs-race.html">Case Based Surveillance Race Extension</a> </td><td><p>Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
{% endraw %}